Corrected  the flow and grammar in code_of_conduct.md file (#1901)
novuhq/novu: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Our Pledge

As members, contributors, and leaders, we pledge to ensure that everyone can participate 
in our community without harassment regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability,

> ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity, or level of experience.

Reviewer: You removed education, socio-economic status, nationality, race, religion and sexual orientation. Please add them back.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming,

> diverse, inclusive, diverse and healthy community.

Reviewer: This adds repetition and it is not needed.

## Our Standards

Examples of behaviour that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:

* Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people.
* Being respectful of opposing viewpoints, perspectives, and experiences.
* Giving and receiving constructive feedback with grace. 
* Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience.
* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals but for the
  overall community.

> Examples of unacceptable behaviour include:

Reviewer: There is not an agreement in the core maintainers of using british english. Most of the codebase and documentation is written in american english so this change it feels opinionated.

> * The use of sexualized language or imagery, as well as any form of sexual attention or advance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The use of sexualized language or imagery, as well as any form of sexual attention or advances of any kind.
```

* Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks.
* Public or private harassment.
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email
  address, without their explicit permission.

> * * Any other behaviour that could be considered inappropriate in a professional setting. 

Reviewer: Double asterisk.

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
the event of inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful behaviour.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are

> contrary to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation

Reviewer: Not aligned is a better legal term in this case.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behaviour may be
reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at
support@novu.co.
All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

> All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of witnesses to any incident.

Reviewer: Roll back to previous copy as this one changes the original meaning intended.

### 1. Correction

**Community Impact**: Use of inappropriate language or other unprofessional or unwelcome behaviour in the community.

**Consequence**: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing
clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the

> behaviour was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

Reviewer: Already flagged it before. Opinionated.

### 4. Permanent Ban

> **Community Impact**: Demonstrating a pattern of violating community standards, such as persistent inappropriate behavior, harassment of individuals, or aggression toward or disparagement of groups of people. 

Reviewer: I consider sustained is more precise in the goal of this point as it gives the meaning of a lesser frequency than persistent.
